Suxue Suxue, why did you suddenly vomit blood?
Why did this Red Valley start?
So Xue, what's wrong with you?
Aren't we fine?
Hahahaha, Sun Wukong is my brother.
You poisoned my brother
What!
SuXun
Don't go
Your wife almost died
Do you want him to die here?
Lord Wu, you are finally here
Miss is fine
After the old man received your letter from the flying pigeon
It's you who came quickly
If it weren't for the idea you gave me at the time
How did I end up here today?
You can't take him away
Sun Xun
I helped you solve the Manzha Palace
From Now On
You will never love me again
The closed moon will not be painful
But you have to remember
I Love You
thought
What did you do to him?
What did you do?